-- run_test.py: invoking following command in '/home/engineer/dec_attempt_v2/dec_cont_BEng_Diss':
 - /opt/ros/humble/bin/ament_copyright --xunit-file /home/engineer/dec_attempt_v2/dec_cont_BEng_Diss/build/dec_control/test_results/dec_control/copyright.xunit.xml

CONTRIBUTING.md: file not found
LICENSE: file not found
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/3.22.1/CMakeCCompiler.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/3.22.1/CMakeCXXCompiler.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/3.22.1/CMakeSystem.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/3.22.1/CompilerIdC/CMakeCCompilerId.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/3.22.1/CompilerIdCXX/CMakeCXXCompilerId.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/CMakeDirectoryInformation.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Export/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_cExport-noconfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Export/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_cExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Export/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_cppExport-noconfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Export/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_cppExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Export/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cExport-noconfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Export/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Export/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cppExport-noconfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Export/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cppExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Export/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_generator_cExport-noconfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Export/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_generator_cExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Export/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_generator_cppExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Export/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_generator_pyExport-noconfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Export/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_generator_pyExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Export/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cExport-noconfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Export/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Export/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cppExport-noconfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Export/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cppExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/Makefile.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/ament_cmake_python_build_dec_control_egg.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/ament_cmake_python_build_dec_control_egg.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/ament_cmake_python_build_decentralized_control_egg.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/ament_cmake_python_build_decentralized_control_egg.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/ament_cmake_python_copy_dec_control.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/ament_cmake_python_copy_dec_control.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/ament_cmake_python_copy_decentralized_control.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/ament_cmake_python_copy_decentralized_control.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__cpp.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__cpp.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_generator_c.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_generator_c.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_generator_py.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_generator_py.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_c.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_c.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_c__pyext.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_c__pyext.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_cpp.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_cpp.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c__pyext.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c__pyext.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c__pyext.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c__pyext.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control_uninstall.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/dec_control_uninstall.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/uninstall.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CMakeFiles/uninstall.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CTestCustom.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/CTestTestfile.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_core/dec_controlConfig-version.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_core/dec_controlConfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_core/package.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_export_dependencies/ament_cmake_export_dependencies-extras.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_export_include_directories/ament_cmake_export_include_directories-extras.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_export_libraries/ament_cmake_export_libraries-extras.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_export_targets/ament_cmake_export_targets-extras.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_package_templates/templates.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/dec_control/setup.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/auction/auction_node.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/auction/bid_calculator.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/communication_middleware.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/comparative_analysis.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/consensus/consensus_node.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/consensus/time_varying_consensus.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/execution/collaborative_task_executor.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/execution/execution_controller.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/execution/force_control_manager.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/execution/timed_automata_executor.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/experiment_runner.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/industrial_scenarios.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/math_proof_validatior.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/metrics_collector.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/recovery/partial_failure_recovery.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/recovery/recovery_node.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/task_manager/critical_path_analyzer.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/task_manager/task_manager_node.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/decentralized_control/utils/task_dependency_analyzer.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_python/decentralized_control/setup.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/ament_cmake_uninstall_target/ament_cmake_uninstall_target.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/cmake_install.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/dec_control__py/CMakeFiles/CMakeDirectoryInformation.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/dec_control__py/CMakeFiles/dec_control__py.dir/DependInfo.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/dec_control__py/CMakeFiles/dec_control__py.dir/cmake_clean.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/dec_control__py/CTestTestfile.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/dec_control__py/cmake_install.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_cmake/rosidl_cmake-extras.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_cmake/rosidl_cmake_export_typesupport_libraries-extras.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_cmake/rosidl_cmake_export_typesupport_targets-extras.cmake: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/bid.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/capability_update.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/collaboration_request.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/collaboration_response.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/heartbeat.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/network_topology.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/recovery_status.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/robot_state.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/rosidl_generator_c__visibility_control.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/synchronization_signal.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/task.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/task_assignment.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/task_list.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/msg/task_priority.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/srv/get_available_tasks.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/srv/init_auction.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_c/dec_control/srv/submit_bid.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/bid.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/capability_update.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/collaboration_request.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/collaboration_response.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/heartbeat.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/network_topology.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/recovery_status.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/robot_state.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/rosidl_generator_cpp__visibility_control.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/synchronization_signal.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/task.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/task_assignment.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/task_list.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/msg/task_priority.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/srv/get_available_tasks.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/srv/init_auction.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_cpp/dec_control/srv/submit_bid.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/_dec_control_s.ep.rosidl_typesupport_c.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/_dec_control_s.ep.rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/_dec_control_s.ep.rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/__init__.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_bid.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_bid_s.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_capability_update.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_capability_update_s.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_collaboration_request.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_collaboration_request_s.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_collaboration_response.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_collaboration_response_s.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_heartbeat.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_heartbeat_s.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_network_topology.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_network_topology_s.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_recovery_status.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_recovery_status_s.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_robot_state.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_robot_state_s.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_synchronization_signal.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_synchronization_signal_s.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_task.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_task_assignment.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_task_assignment_s.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_task_list.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_task_list_s.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_task_priority.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_task_priority_s.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/msg/_task_s.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/srv/__init__.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/srv/_get_available_tasks.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/srv/_get_available_tasks_s.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/srv/_init_auction.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/srv/_init_auction_s.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/srv/_submit_bid.py: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_generator_py/dec_control/srv/_submit_bid_s.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_c/dec_control/msg/bid__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_c/dec_control/msg/capability_update__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_c/dec_control/msg/collaboration_request__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_c/dec_control/msg/collaboration_response__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_c/dec_control/msg/heartbeat__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_c/dec_control/msg/network_topology__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_c/dec_control/msg/recovery_status__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_c/dec_control/msg/robot_state__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_c/dec_control/msg/synchronization_signal__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_c/dec_control/msg/task__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_c/dec_control/msg/task_assignment__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_c/dec_control/msg/task_list__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_c/dec_control/msg/task_priority__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_c/dec_control/srv/get_available_tasks__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_c/dec_control/srv/init_auction__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_c/dec_control/srv/submit_bid__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_cpp/dec_control/msg/bid__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_cpp/dec_control/msg/capability_update__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_cpp/dec_control/msg/collaboration_request__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_cpp/dec_control/msg/collaboration_response__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_cpp/dec_control/msg/heartbeat__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_cpp/dec_control/msg/network_topology__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_cpp/dec_control/msg/recovery_status__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_cpp/dec_control/msg/robot_state__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_cpp/dec_control/msg/synchronization_signal__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_cpp/dec_control/msg/task__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_cpp/dec_control/msg/task_assignment__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_cpp/dec_control/msg/task_list__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_cpp/dec_control/msg/task_priority__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_cpp/dec_control/srv/get_available_tasks__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_cpp/dec_control/srv/init_auction__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_cpp/dec_control/srv/submit_bid__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__type_support_c.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__type_support_c.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__type_support_c.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__type_support_c.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__type_support_c.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__type_support_c.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__type_support_c.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__type_support_c.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__type_support_c.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task__type_support_c.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__type_support_c.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__type_support_c.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__type_support_c.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/msg/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c__visibility_control.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__type_support_c.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__type_support_c.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__type_support_c.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/dds_fastrtps/bid__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/dds_fastrtps/capability_update__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/dds_fastrtps/collaboration_request__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/dds_fastrtps/collaboration_response__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/dds_fastrtps/heartbeat__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/dds_fastrtps/network_topology__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/dds_fastrtps/recovery_status__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/dds_fastrtps/robot_state__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/dds_fastrtps/synchronization_signal__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/dds_fastrtps/task__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/dds_fastrtps/task_assignment__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/dds_fastrtps/task_list__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/dds_fastrtps/task_priority__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/msg/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp__visibility_control.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/dds_fastrtps/get_available_tasks__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/dds_fastrtps/init_auction__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/dds_fastrtps/submit_bid__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/msg/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c__visibility_control.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
build/dec_control/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/auction/auction_node.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/auction/bid_calculator.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/communication_middleware.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/comparative_analysis.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/consensus/consensus_node.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/consensus/time_varying_consensus.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/execution/collaborative_task_executor.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/execution/execution_controller.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/execution/force_control_manager.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/execution/timed_automata_executor.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/experiment_runner.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/industrial_scenarios.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/math_proof_validatior.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/metrics_collector.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/recovery/partial_failure_recovery.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/recovery/recovery_node.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/task_manager/critical_path_analyzer.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/task_manager/task_manager_node.py: could not find copyright notice
decentralized_control/utils/task_dependency_analyzer.py: could not find copyright notice
install/_local_setup_util_ps1.py: copyright=Dirk Thomas (2016-2019), license=<unknown>
install/_local_setup_util_sh.py: copyright=Dirk Thomas (2016-2019), license=<unknown>
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/bid.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/bid.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/capability_update.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/capability_update.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/collaboration_request.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/collaboration_request.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/collaboration_response.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/collaboration_response.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/bid__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/capability_update__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_request__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/collaboration_response__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/heartbeat__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/network_topology__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/recovery_status__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/robot_state__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/synchronization_signal__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_assignment__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_list__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/detail/task_priority__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/heartbeat.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/heartbeat.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/network_topology.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/network_topology.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/recovery_status.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/recovery_status.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/robot_state.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/robot_state.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/rosidl_generator_c__visibility_control.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/rosidl_generator_cpp__visibility_control.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c__visibility_control.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp__visibility_control.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c__visibility_control.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/synchronization_signal.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/synchronization_signal.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/task.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/task.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/task_assignment.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/task_assignment.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/task_list.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/task_list.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/task_priority.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/msg/task_priority.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/get_available_tasks__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/init_auction__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__builder.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__functions.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__functions.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__struct.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__struct.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__traits.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__type_support.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__type_support.cpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__type_support.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/detail/submit_bid__type_support.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/get_available_tasks.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/get_available_tasks.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/init_auction.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/init_auction.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/submit_bid.h: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/include/dec_control/dec_control/srv/submit_bid.hpp: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/dec_control/analyze_adaptation.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/dec_control/assembly_task_visualiser.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/dec_control/experiment_runner.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/dec_control/gazebo_physics_configurator.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/dec_control/plot_results.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/dec_control/robot_model_spawner.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/dec_control/run_experiments.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/_dec_control_s.ep.rosidl_typesupport_c.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/_dec_control_s.ep.rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_c.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/_dec_control_s.ep.rosidl_typesupport_introspection_c.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/__init__.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_bid.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_bid_s.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_capability_update.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_capability_update_s.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_collaboration_request.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_collaboration_request_s.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_collaboration_response.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_collaboration_response_s.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_heartbeat.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_heartbeat_s.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_network_topology.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_network_topology_s.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_recovery_status.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_recovery_status_s.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_robot_state.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_robot_state_s.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_synchronization_signal.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_synchronization_signal_s.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_task.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_task_assignment.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_task_assignment_s.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_task_list.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_task_list_s.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_task_priority.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_task_priority_s.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/msg/_task_s.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/srv/__init__.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/srv/_get_available_tasks.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/srv/_get_available_tasks_s.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/srv/_init_auction.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/srv/_init_auction_s.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/srv/_submit_bid.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/dec_control/srv/_submit_bid_s.c: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/auction/auction_node.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/auction/bid_calculator.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/communication_middleware.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/comparative_analysis.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/consensus/consensus_node.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/consensus/time_varying_consensus.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/execution/collaborative_task_executor.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/execution/execution_controller.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/execution/force_control_manager.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/execution/timed_automata_executor.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/experiment_runner.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/industrial_scenarios.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/math_proof_validatior.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/metrics_collector.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/recovery/partial_failure_recovery.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/recovery/recovery_node.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/task_manager/critical_path_analyzer.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/task_manager/task_manager_node.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/lib/python3.10/site-packages/decentralized_control/utils/task_dependency_analyzer.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/ament_cmake_export_dependencies-extras.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/ament_cmake_export_include_directories-extras.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/ament_cmake_export_libraries-extras.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/ament_cmake_export_targets-extras.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_controlConfig-version.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_controlConfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_cExport-noconfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_cExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_cppExport-noconfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_cppExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cExport-noconfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cppExport-noconfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cppExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_generator_cExport-noconfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_generator_cExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_generator_cppExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_generator_pyExport-noconfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_generator_pyExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cExport-noconfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cppExport-noconfig.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/export_dec_control__rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps_cppExport.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/rosidl_cmake-extras.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/rosidl_cmake_export_typesupport_libraries-extras.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/cmake/rosidl_cmake_export_typesupport_targets-extras.cmake: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/launch/decentralized_controller.launch.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/launch/simulation.launch.py: could not find copyright notice
install/dec_control/share/dec_control/launch/unit_tests.launch.py: could not find copyright notice
launch/decentralized_controller.launch.py: could not find copyright notice
launch/simulation.launch.py: could not find copyright notice
launch/unit_tests.launch.py: could not find copyright notice
scripts/analyze_adaptation.py: could not find copyright notice
scripts/assembly_task_visualiser.py: could not find copyright notice
scripts/experiment_runner.py: could not find copyright notice
scripts/gazebo_physics_configurator.py: could not find copyright notice
scripts/plot_results.py: could not find copyright notice
scripts/robot_model_spawner.py: could not find copyright notice
scripts/run_experiments.py: could not find copyright notice
test/test_auction.py: could not find copyright notice
test/test_communication.py: could not find copyright notice
test/test_comparative.py: could not find copyright notice
test/test_consensus.py: could not find copyright notice
test/test_execution.py: could not find copyright notice
test/test_metrics.py: could not find copyright notice
test/test_recovery.py: could not find copyright notice
test/test_task_manager.py: could not find copyright notice
859 errors, checked 895 files


-- run_test.py: return code 1
-- run_test.py: verify result file '/home/engineer/dec_attempt_v2/dec_cont_BEng_Diss/build/dec_control/test_results/dec_control/copyright.xunit.xml'
